Tonight, Genting Restaurant Lu Qi will ask me to sign a contract
Then you can ask the person you arranged to come over.
Just switch the contract
I brought the contract with me.
Yes, your price is very ideal.
When I become Fuji's largest shareholder
Or can't I control the rich concubine?
I've been thinking a lot about the past lately
I'm sorry about your father.
So I would love to do this one another time.
It's okay, let him go
The important thing is that I'm on the way to you now.
The position of project manager is also arranged
But satisfied
No money
Share Transfer Agreement
Take a look, if there is no problem.
Just sign it. Yeah.
Excuse me, sir.
Be careful
Why don't you do this, Mr. Lu?
Can you go to the bathroom to deal with it first?
Long time no problem
I'll just sign it here.
OK